[doc] Explicitly mention about node shutdown remove for cluster shrink (#86173)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/shutdown/apis/shutdown-delete.asciidoc

Enables a node to resume normal operations following a
<<put-shutdown, put shutdown>> request.
You must explicitly clear the shutdown request when a node rejoins the cluster,

> regardless of the shutdown type. When node is permanently removed (cluster shrink)
> the node shutdown request also has to be cleared.

Reviewer: I agree this needs to be mentioned explicitly. What do you think of this wording?

```suggestion
or when a node has permanently left the cluster. Shutdown requests are never
removed automatically by {es}.
```
